{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What is steganography? (taken from Wikipedia)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	Steganography is the art and science of writing hidden messages in such a way that no one, apart from the sender and intended recipient, suspects the existence of the message, a form of security through obscurity. The word steganography is of Greek origin and means "concealed writing" from the Greek words steganos (\uc0\u963 \u964 \u949 \u947 \u945 \u957 \u972 \u962 ) meaning "covered or protected", and graphei (\u947 \u961 \u945 \u966 \u942 ) meaning "writing". The first recorded use of the term was in 1499 by Johannes Trithemius in his Steganographia, a treatise on cryptography and steganography disguised as a book on magic. Generally, messages will appear to be something else: images, articles, shopping lists, or some other covertext and, classically, the hidden message may be in invisible ink between the visible lines of a private letter. It is high security technique for long data transmission.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
What is StegOSX?
\b0 \
	There are other steganography application out there, but this one is a native Mac application that is easy to use. It is able to embed hidden and encrypted text into images. Also, no statistical test based upon frequency counts will be able to detect steganographic content.\
\

\b Tips:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	\'95	Use strong, one-time passwords. There are different ways to manage this, but one way is to have a prearranged book. Include an innocent message such as, "Look at this cute puppy! He's only 27 days old, but already almost 8 pounds." That could mean user the 27th word on page 8 or our prearranged book. This is a simple example, but you get the idea.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\'95	The image used does not have to be very large. However, the larger the encoded message, the larger the image should be to best withstand detection by statistical frequency counts.}